docs: update how-to and reference landing pages (#93)
canonical/aproxy-operator: docs/reference/index.rst

Reference
=========

Technical specifications and architectural details for the aproxy charm serve
as authoritative look-up material when configuring, integrating, or extending
the charm.

.. vale Canonical.013-Spell-out-numbers-below-10 = NO
.. vale Canonical.500-Repeated-words = NO
.. vale Canonical.004-Canonical-product-names = NO

Configuration and operations
----------------------------

> Operators control charm behaviour through configuration options and Juju

Reviewer: Agreed with Copilot -- we should try to stick to US English spelling :)

actions. Understanding the charm architecture provides the structural context
needed to see how those settings interact at runtime.

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :maxdepth: 1

    Actions <actions>
    Configurations <configurations>
    Charm architecture <charm-architecture>

.. vale Canonical.004-Canonical-product-names = YES

Connectivity and monitoring
---------------------------

The aproxy charm communicates with other applications through integrations and

> exposes operational metrics to support observability and alerting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aproxy charm communicates with other applications through integrations and
exposes observability metrics to support monitoring and alerting.
```
Nit

.. toctree::
    :hidden:
    :maxdepth: 1

    Integrations <integrations>

>     Metrics <metrics>

Reviewer: Out of scope for this PR, but I noticed that the `metrics.md` file is currently empty. My question: Does the aproxy charm have metrics for monitoring? (Basically: Should we keep this placeholder page?)

If there are metrics that we need to document, then I'll create a backlog ticket so we can follow up on the work later :D

Author: currently aproxy doesn't have metrics yet, rn we do not have the exact timeline to add metrics to aproxy. we could probably delete the placeholder page for metrics. would you prefer that?

Reviewer: Okay cool, I support removing the placeholder page.

So then there are only four pages under the `reference` section, and we don't need to define categories (my rule is, landing pages for 5+ pages should have defined categories). But, if you want to define categories, then perhaps we do the split like:

* Actions/Configurations (same section title + remove the charm architecture sentence)
* Integrations/Charm architecture (maybe titled something like "Architecture and design", move the charm architecture sentence into the section, and remove the text about metrics)

I trust your judgement on how to proceed!

Author: i picked the second one, thanks erin!
